welcome back to movieteller today i'm
gonna show you a 2015 supernatural
horror film titled the witch
the film starts with william the
patriarch of a puritan family on trial
he dismisses those around him as false
christians and the others claim that he
speaks ill of the word of god
william's family includes his wife
catherine eldest daughter thomason son
caleb twins mercy and jonas and baby
samuel
they recently moved off the plantation
in england to a small farm
mercy and jonas frequently play with a
large black goat that they named black
philip
one afternoon thomason is outside
playing peek-a-boo with sam
she covers her face to scare him but
when she looks down sam is gone
we cut to somewhere in the darkest part
of the woods where a wrinkled hand
strokes sam's body moments before the
creature lowers a knife to his chest
we then see a haggard old woman pounding
what appear to be sam's remains before
consuming them
the woman then slowly walks out into the
woods
catherine becomes distraught following
sam's disappearance
the family believes that a wolf took the
baby
caleb goes out to hunt with his father
but first he starts to notice thomason's
breasts
out in the woods caleb becomes fearful
that sam was taken because he lived in
sin making caleb worry that he is also
leading a sinful life that will lead to
his doom
william comforts his son and they
proceed to hunt
william aims his rifle at a rabbit but
the recoil from the shot gets him in the
eye and the rabbit runs away
the two return home to an angry
catherine
thomason takes the blame for her father
for the two of them going to hunt
thomason and caleb are by the river
gathering water
mercy comes along and accuses thomason
of being a witch blaming her for sam's
disappearance
thomason plays along with the accusation
and starts to terrify mercy
thomason says she is a witch and that
she will get mercy if she continues to
bother her
with a lack of growth on their crops
beginning to turn problematic thomason
and caleb venture into the woods
the two are separated from each other
caleb disappears and comes across a
small cottage
from the doorway emerges a beautiful
woman
she lures caleb toward him and she
kisses him before grabbing his head with
a haggard hand
thomason later finds caleb outside in
the rain naked and scarred
the family becomes worried that
something evil is overtaking them
mercy and jonas continue to accuse
thomason of being a witch to the point
where even catherine appears to believe
it later catherine discusses with
william that they should give thomason
to another family which she overhears
caleb is bedridden and the family prays
for him
after a while caleb begins to write and
speak some sort of prayer while mercy
and jonas also arrive on the ground as
if they were possessed
caleb speaks as though he accepts that
he is about to meet god and he starts to
moan passionately before dying with a
smile on his face
thomason runs outside to cry in despair
william starts to accuse her of
evildoing that led to caleb's death
she angrily defends herself and states
that perhaps it was mercy and jonas that
made a demonic pact with black philip
william locks his three surviving
children in the barn with the goats
until something happens
inside the house catherine tearfully
confesses to william that she had an
affair from which samuel was born
in the barn the kids see a pale nude
figure drinking the blood of one of the
goats
the creature a witch turns around and
cackles at mercy and jonas causing them
to scream
meanwhile catherine appears to find
caleb sitting in a chair holding samuel
she approaches them and takes sam to
breastfeed him but in reality it is just
a crow picking at catherine's bosom
while she laughs gleefully
in the morning the goats have been
sorted and mercy and jonas have vanished
thomason emerges from the barn and sees
black philip charge at william impaling
him with one of his horns
william grabs a hatchet and seems ready
to fight but he then drops it allowing
black philip to charge at him again and
knock him into a pile of logs that
crushes him
catherine comes out and continues to
accuse thomason blaming her for the
deaths of her family members
catherine starts to choke thomason who
continuously tells her mother that she
loves her
thomason grabs a nearby blade and hacks
at catherine's face until she is dead
thomason quietly walks into a barn and
dons a cloak
she later encounters black philip and
demands to speak to him
after a brief moment of silence we hear
the quiet voice of philip
he asks thomason what it is that she
desires and tells her what he can
promise to give her
philip appears to take human form and
walks behind thomason telling her to
undress
she does and she follows him into the
woods while naked
in the middle of the woods is a coven of
witches all dancing nude around the fire
the witches then start to float in the
air
thomason embraces the darkness and
begins to float high above the trees
herself
if you enjoyed this video subscribe so
you can watch more videos like this